# Why Kubernetes Engine?

The Hip Local team considered setting up their own kubernetes cluster.  After all, it is open source and they could run it locally as well as in the cloud. However, doing so in production would involve not only installation and configuration of machines, networks, security etc., but also maintenance. Then there is the question of scaling the infrastructure up and down to deal with varying loads, as well as ensuring reliability.

The obvious answer is to use a managed service. They decided to use Google Kubernetes Engine.  So let's create one now.

# navigate to kubernetes engine in the console and show how to create a cluster called cluster-demo as follows, explaining the options as you go. 
# This is just for info - you are going to create it with the command line script lower down in this document

name: cluster-demo
location type: zonal

# click on Advanced Edit, under Node pools. Show configuration of underlying machines, and ability to add kubernetes labels (which we'll talk about later). One the script sets is:

scopes: Allow full access to all Cloud APIs

# show the other advanced options, and then point out that the same cluster can be created at the command line. Then cancel out of the console.

# open cloud shell and run the following command to create the cluster

gcloud container clusters create cluster-demo --zone us-central1-a --machine-type "n1-standard-1" --num-nodes "3" --enable-cloud-logging --enable-cloud-monitoring  --scopes cloud-platform

# return to the slides. It's going to take some time...

#DONE