# Return to the console and show the created cluster in the Kubernetes engine section. 
# Find the connect button and either copy the command or simply agree to open in cloud shell.
# Point out this command is always the same. In fact, you could just copy it from 
# this document:

gcloud container clusters get-credentials cluster-demo --zone us-central1-a --project kr-dr-temp-hip

# Now cloud shell can run commands on our cluster, and since we already have our containers, 
# lets run one of them. Point out we're passing in the env variable for the project,
#  just as we did with docker.

kubectl run --image=gcr.io/kr-dr-temp-hip/ui:v0.1 frontend --port=8080 --env="GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=kr-dr-temp-hip"

# and let's look at the result... 

kubectl get pods

# No IP address exposed. So how are we going to access it? For now, let's just ssh in 
# and make sure that it's running

kubectl exec -it [podName] -- /bin/bash

# Now we're in, let's use curl to show it running

curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/

# then return to cloud shell

exit

# time to scale our pod to handle greater load...

kubectl scale deployment --replicas=5 frontend 

# and the results... (do this a few times to show them being created and then running
#  - took around 40 seconds for all to be running  when I was testing)

kubectl get pods

# and then scale them down again

kubectl scale deployment --replicas=2 frontend

# and the results...

kubectl get pods

# and up again (be quick with get pods after - this time, scaling up to 4 only took 3 seconds during testing)

kubectl scale deployment --replicas=4 frontend
 
# we could do this all day :-)

kubectl get pods

# problem: we still don't have any way to access these pods apart from ssh 
# - time to expose the deployment

kubectl expose deployment frontend --port=8080 --target-port=8080 --type=LoadBalancer

# Point out the message: 'service "frontend" exposed'. We'll talk about services late.

# Run the following command repeatedly until external ip assigned. It may take a while

kubectl get services

# once you have an ip, curl to it

curl http://[ip]:8080/

# and in fact.... let's look at it in a browser:

http://[ip]:8080/

# So we have the front end running in a docker container, hosted in kubernetes engine... 
# But we have more than a few issues to deal with yet. How do we talk to the backend from 
# the frontend? And that IP address is regional, not global. We need something else if 
# we're going to map our domain name. Still, it's an encouraging start...

# Meanwhile, we don't want this trial deployment around long term, so time to clean up....

kubectl delete service frontend
kubectl delete deployment frontend

# OPTIONAL - show them no more pods, and only service is kubernetes itself

kubectl get pods
kubectl get services

#DONE






