# hip local

HipLocal is a community application designed to facilitate communication between people in close proximity. It is used for event planning and organizing sporting events, and for businesses to connect with their local communities. HipLocal launched recently in a few neighborhoods in Dallas and is rapidly growing into a global phenomenon. Its unique style of hyper-local community communication and business outreach is in demand around the world.

We have a working app - now we need to move it into the cloud for scale and reliablity.

# OPTIONAL: Show the app working on local machine

We are going to containerize our app!    

# open a cloud shell window and the code editor.
# navigate to the frontend folder and create a new file named:

Dockerfile

# complete file below - here are steps
# retrieve a python 3 image

FROM python:3

# copy over everything from the room

COPY . .

# install the dependencies

RUN pip3 install -r requirements.txt

# start the app

CMD [ "python3", "./main.py" ]

# save the file and then build it locally as a new container, test:

docker build -t test .

# run the file

docker run --env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=kr-dr-temp-hip  --rm -p 8080:8080 test

# use preview on 8080 to show the app 
# WARNING! if you are doing this in cloud shell, the previous space invaders
# app will probably be cached on 8080 - force a hard refresh in hby holding down the
# SHIFT key as you click on the refresh icon

# The app should work, but with no backend

# use ctrl+c to cancel and delete the container

# open main.py in editor and show the following line (around 51)

model['greeting'] = os.getenv('GREETING', 'Welcome to Hip Local')

# we can retrieve a greeting from the env.  Let's add one for docker
# add the following line just before the CMD line in the Dockerfile

ENV GREETING 'Welcome to Hip-Local in Docker'

# save the file and then build as test2:

docker build -t test2 .

# run the file, then preview on 8080 and show the welcome statement

docker run --env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=kr-dr-temp-hip  --rm -p 8080:8080 test2

# use ctrl+c to cancel and delete the container

# examine and delete all 3 images

docker images
docker image rm [imageid]

# use the editor to create a new Dockerfile in the backend folder
# paste in the following:

FROM launcher.gcr.io/google/nodejs
COPY . /app/
WORKDIR /app
RUN npm install 
CMD ["npm", "start"]

# save the file and then cd into ../backend and build as test3:

docker build -t test3 .

# run the file 

docker run --env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=kr-dr-temp-hip  --rm -p 8081:8081 test3

# use preview, and change the port to 8081
# this will show an empty array [] 
# modify the url so it ends as follows:

.com/happenings

# you should see json for existing happenings



# The complete frontend docker file is:
FROM python:3
COPY . .
RUN pip3 install -r requirements.txt
ENV GREETING 'Welcome to Hip-Local in Docker'
CMD [ "python3", "./main.py" ]